contributor license agreement (#249)
Draegerwerk/SDCcc: Contributor_License_Agreement.md

# **DRÄGER CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE** AGREEMENT

> At Dräger, we are keen on promoting Free and Open-Source Software (FOSS) —
> both for our own use and the use in the FOSS Community. For Us and for You to
> be certain what it means legally to contribute to one of our Projects, we are
> required to have this Agreement in place. It governs the way We are allowed to
> make use of your Contribution and the Project it is part of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Us and for You tobe certain what it means legally to contribute to one 
of our Projects, we are required to have this Agreement in place. It governs 
the way We are allowed to make use of your Contribution and the Project 
it is part of.
```

This is a legally binding document, so please read it carefully before agreeing
to it.

Please note that by convention We capitalize the first letter of each word that
is defined to have a specific meaning in this Agreement.

By submitting Your Contribution to Us or to a Subsidiary of Us, You accept and
agree to be bound to the following terms and conditions of this Agreement
regarding Your Contribution. This Agreements becomes effective when we accept
Your Contribution. Please note that We are under no obligation to use Your
Contribution or to continue to use a Contribution in any of our Projects.
Except for the license granted herein to Us and to the recipients of the

> open-source software made available by Us or by our Subsidiaries and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
software made available by Us or by our Subsidiaries and/or
```

Affiliates, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your
Contributions.

## 1. Definitions

"**Dräger**", "**Us**" or "**We**" means Drägerwerk AG & Co. KGaA or any of our

> Subsidiaries and/or Affiliates initiating or maintaining the open-source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsidiaries and/or Affiliates initiating or maintaining the 
```
